---
title: Literature reading
date: 2020-05-14 16:29:51
categories: 
- 文献阅读
---

# Life at Low Reynolds Number 
## Literature download

链接：https://pan.baidu.com/s/1onguEQnRPxsBlIuPy38JUQ 提取码：n3ao

## Some points extracted from the paper

1. Introduce the concept of  viscosity
2. Introduce the concept of Reynolds number and Consider a low Reynolds number environment. In a low Reynolds number environment, the viscous force plays a major role, and the inertial force can be ignored. 
3. For small-sized microorganisms, the Reynolds number can be as small as 10 ^ -5. They are also the research objects of this paper. For them, inertial force does not work. 
4. Next, the author wants to explore two questions, how and why do microorganisms move?
5. How do microbes move? The author first denied reciprocal motion. Such as scallops, it is immobile in a low Reynolds number environment. 
6. The author cites two examples of exercise, which are flexible oar and corkscrew. The corkscrew is what the author wants to discuss. 
7. There are examples of similar models in the biological world, such as E. coli. The author is interested in how the flagellum works.   
8. There is an instrument that can track the trajectory of E. coli, and it has been proved that the flagella of E. coli rotates instead of swinging. Of course this is not easy to explain biologically.
9. At low Reynolds number, everything is linear, so the author use matrix to describe the force. The author also pointed out that the matrix should be symmetrical. 
10. According to calculations, the efficiency of this model is very low, only 1%, but the author believes that low efficiency does not affect its feasibility, especially for biological.
11. After that, the author started to discuss why it should move, and introduced the concept of diffusion. The author believes that for low Reynolds numbers, exercise does not increase access to food.
12. This seems to contradict the results obtained, but the author believes that the actual reason for its movement is to find areas with higher nutrient density, that is, to find along the density gradient.
13. But he found a contradiction that the interval between the gradient and the gradient is the same. The author did not give a reasonable explanation.

## The final conclusion

1. E. coli model is a relatively effective motion model in a low Reynolds number environment. 
2. The reason for the movement of microorganisms is to find a high-density nutritional environment.

## My doubts 

1. I can't figure out the origin of this formula $\frac{\eta^2}{\rho}=force$
2. There are a few formulas that I did n’t understand, such as figure 14 and figure 15.
3. About what the author said, in order to find a high-density environment, microorganisms will move. I think the author ’s argument is not sufficient. It may be just a guess, but it may not be related to the design of a micro robot. It ’s not the point.

## Further thinking

After reading it also caused me to think. Obviously, it is not the only form of E. coli, the author just focused on this kind of research, what is the other situation?

This article talks about this kind of efficiency is very low, it may be no problem for biology, but it is a problem that needs to be considered for the design of a micro robot. What kind of structure will be more efficient?

According to the author, the swing of the tail is not feasible, that is, we can not consider the problem of the micro world according to the movement of the tadpoles, should I understand it like this?

Considering the actual robot, what kind of material is better to make such flagella?



